tree: Implicitly constructed object nodes now only consider own properties during validation (#22453)
microsoft/FluidFramework: .changeset/twelve-shrimps-jog.md

---
"@fluidframework/tree": minor
"fluid-framework": minor
---
---
"section": "tree"
---
Implicitly constructed object nodes now only consider own properties during validation.

When determining if some given data is compatible with a particular ObjectNode schema, both inherited and own properties used to be considered.
However when actually constructing the node from the data, only own properties were used.

> This could lead to input containing inherited properties getting validated, but producing out of schema nodes missing fields.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This could lead to input containing inherited properties being validated, but producing out-of-schema nodes that were missing fields.
```

Wasn't sure the intended meaning, so made an attempt.

> This has been fixed and now both code paths use the same check, for own properties, when evaluating if an input has a property that should be considered for providing the content of the node's field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This has been fixed and now consistently checks for own properties when evaluating if an input has a property that should be considered for providing the content of the node's field.
```

> a property that should be considered for providing the content of the node's field

Hmmm, I need a word for that... :)

> This may cause some causes with previously exhibited data corruption to now throw a usage error reporting the data is incompatible.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This may cause some cases which previously exhibited data corruption to now throw a usage error reporting the data is incompatible.
```
